Our visualization contains an interactive United States map
as well as a bar chart that shows the number of HIPAA breaches by type.
The different types of breaches are Hacking or an IT incident,  Unauthorized Access or Disclosure, Theft, Improper Disposal, and Loss.
We also created a filter that shows the data by year so the data for 2021, 2022, and 2023.
So, the way our visualization works is we click on a state.
So, let's say we wanted to see the data for Texas. We will click on Texas.
And then we will click on the year.
So, the data for 2021 shows this in the bar chart.
And it gets updated by year so in 2022 this is the data as well as in 2023
And if we wanted to see another state's data
Let's say we wanted to use New York. We click on New York.
And then we would also click on the year  so we can do 2021, 2022, and 2023.
And if we wanted to see the United States as a whole and the number of breaches by type
we would click anywhere outside of the United States or any white space that's here.
And then we would click by the year so in 2021 this is the amount of breaches.
In 2022
As well as in 2023
This visualization supports two domain tasks.
The first one would be to conduct a risk assessment.
At a high level, it would be discover. The visualization will need to be explored by the user to glean any valuable insights.
At a medium level, it would be browse. The location is already known but the target is unknown.
At a low level, it would be identify. The visualization will provide information about data breaches in the target location.
The second domain task is developing a data security strategy.
At a high level and a medium level, it would be the same as the first domain task.
But at a low level, it would be summarize. The visualization will provide information about data breaches by a state and its associated information
such as how the information was breached, where the breaches occurred, the amount of breaches, and when the data was breached.
to help the end user develop data security regulations and practices.